Who goes back to the course in this lecture we're going to do is we're going to take a look at Instagram
post ads and walk you through how you can get started.
So we talked about before post ads are the ads that show up in the news feed of Instagram.
They can be a photo they can be a carousel and they can be a video.
Now they pretty much have the same restrictions that you would find with a traditional Instagram post
meaning that you can make it say a landscape ratio or a portrait ratio.
But typically speaking a square one to one ratio is going to be best.
So there aren't any real rules that apply to Instagram ads that don't necessarily apply to posts.
The only thing I can think of is that you will try to rely less on embedded text if you do an ad just
because a Instagram post doesn't go through a filtration process whereas And and does actually have
to go through usually an automated system that looks at the ad and then says how much of the ad is text
and if it's too much text they might remove it.
So with that being said let's just dive in and I'll show you how you can set up ads.
Now as I've said before it's pretty much the same thing as Facebook.
So if you have experience with Facebook ads you're going to be bored to tears by this lecture and the
next lecture most likely so I would imagine just it's worth skipping.
But anyway.
So go to your Facebook and since we are using a business Instagram account because we set this up way
back at the very beginning we already have our Instagram tied up to a Facebook page.
Facebook owns Instagram.
Therefore this is the way that things must be done.
So go to your top right and click this all down arrow and then what you want to do is just go down to
manage ads and you should see under your pages whatever page you made for your Instagram account.
OK then you can do is click through to your actual ad account and it will take you to this screen right
here which shows any ads you've run in the past and you can essentially see that there's four tabs up
here you have account overview campaigns ad sites and ads.
Now you're account overview.
It's always going to be the same it's always going to run through your main accounts you don't have
to worry about that.
Now a campaign is something you would set up if you wanted to do a new advertising campaign.
Let's say you had a new item that you wanted to promote on Instagram so you might create a campaign
specifically for that.
Now in the next section the ad set so this is where you might say drill down specifically on who you
want to target in your campaign.
And in that case what you could do is let's say you had one campaign for a new toaster that you're selling
whatever.
Then in the next section you can do and sets and you could set it up so that you could test different
demographics.
Maybe you want to test us east coast moms and then you also want to test let's say people in Europe
between 18 and 25 whatever it is you can set those up and run those in tandem and then within that you
know adds and then within and you can set it up such that you can run different types of ads so you
can see how they perform within each and set and compare them.
Now I might be the case you want to run a single image and also a carrousel and also a video and if
you run those are separate ads you can tell very quickly which ones are going to perform the best.
One other thing I want to point out before we jump into creating some ads is that up here we're in what's
called the ads manager the click here you can actually see that's called the ads manager and click all
tools you see there's actually quite a bit more.
A lot of people will run ads through what's called the Power editor but we're not going to do that because
we're just going to be doing the basics of how to get in and do an Instagram.
And if you guys want to learn how to use power editors I'd suggest you take a Facebook marketing course
because Facebook Marketing is incredibly complex there are people who base their entire careers off
knowing how to use this tool set.
We're looking at right now.
So if you want to start a campaign make sure you click campaign here and create.
OK.
So right here what we have is called the quick creation screen.
I prefer especially if you've never done this before.
Go to switch to guided creation.
Same thing it just kind of pushes you through in a slower fashion and it's easier to understand.
OK now you've done this and asked me What's your marketing objective.
So you have a lot of options here.
But keep in mind that if you're doing an Instagram ad you don't actually have access to a lot of these
so catalog sales you don't have store visits you won't have.
I don't believe you'll have messages.
So just keep in mind that it might be the case you click something and you get to the end and you can
actually do it.
It just means you just go back over here to the objective phase and change it.
Let's say that we want to get traffic to our Web site.
Let's say we have a main web site that we use in tandem to our Instagram account we want to drive traffic
to it.
So I hear traffic.
Great.
Now what I need to do is name my campaigns so I'll call it Instagram traffic.
Now if you want to create a split test I think in the next lecture will cover how you do split tests
sliders and ways you can do it when really worry about it.
And then the same thing is budget it and you don't know what you're doing I wouldn't touch it yet so
it continue.
OK.
What was going to do is ask you to set up an ad set as you notice we're over here now in the traffic
section of Adsit.
So what we have is we can deem it an add set name up here.
And typically this is just to give us some type of reminder of who we're targeting.
So if we are running an Instagram post ad and we wanted to target let's say two different groups of
people then it would be really important that we change the name to this asset name and then later on
create another asset.
Right now we're not doing that so I don't really worry about it so I wouldn't really worry here but
if you specifically have two different groups you want to target then this is something you would want
to make sure the label correctly.
Now down here we have again trafficker's you know we chose so do we want to traffic go to a Web site
or traffic to an app or traffic go to Facebook Messenger.
Now I'm not entirely sure how messenger works but I believe the way that it works is if you do Facebook
Messenger let's say you're selling something in your store and you run an ad.
Anytime someone clicks on it will do is automatically open up.
Facebook messenger the app on their phone and then create a thread with you.
If you're selling stuff and you have the bandwidth to actually talk to every single of your customers
that can be pretty effective.
So keep that in mind.
OK.
The next thing is driving marketers and creating an offer that's something you can do if you are directly
selling something.
Right.
If you're not just promoting a Web site generically for like brand awareness you're going for conversion
sometimes that can be pretty useful but keep in mind in order to run an offer you have to be selling
something that's on your Facebook page.
So it's going to be driving them to your page.
Not a lot of marketers are going to love that because a lot of them would prefer they send it to their
own page.
Either way that's something that we're not really going to play around with but it's an option.
And this is again something that Facebook marketers spend a lot of time worrying about.
Now let's get down here to audience so we want to do is create a new audience now a lot of this stuff
is just kind of junk.
You wouldn't really have to worry about it.
One is custom audiences.
And essentially what a custom audience is as an audience that you have established elsewhere in the
audience insights section over here or I believe it's actually over in the asset section.
So what you can do is is the difference is you have a Web site you can use a Facebook pixel and then
you could say oh I only want to target people who got to a certain page on my web site and we know this
because we have Facebook pixel we don't worry about that since Graham doesn't have any of that so don't
worry about it.
Now location's it's kind of like we're boosting post.
Where do we want to target so we can say everyone who lives in a location is in the slip.
People who live in this location and people who recently were in this location are traveling this location.
The videos are relevant to you than that something obviously you would pick for us.
We want United States which is pretty dang simple.
And then I would probably just throw in Canada.
Those are primarily my two groups.
Now as you notice as we're doing this if you look over here you're going to have this it looks like
a little dial board.
And generally speaking as you have too many people.
So I added a U.S. and Canada and I haven't had any restrictions on my audience.
It's 260 million people.
Right so your skin is fairly broad as you'll notice just from the graphic.
There's two different corners one is too broad and one is too specific.
Typically speaking you want to keep it in the green area.
And the reason why is just because you have too few people than Facebook or Instagram's you to have
a troubled displaying all of your ads to meet your budget.
And also they're not going to be competing for enough spots which means they actually could potentially
drive up the price for every time you display your ad.
And then if it's too broad again it's just it's not good for targeting you're going to be going after
a big swath of people.
And that's just not good in general for conversion.
OK.
So if we wanted to drill down on what we could do is go over here and narrow the age range that we want.
Now we have obviously access to people as young as 13 and it's going to go lower than 13 but you can't
target them just because of the laws.
So I would probably go after the group of people that fits within my target demographic and as you notice
as I'm doing this it's changing this number over here.
So now I'm down to 76 million.
Still way too many people but it doesn't really matter.
So if hit men it's going to cut in half.
There we go about 38 million languages.
Generally speaking you know like English speaking so I'll say English and then I'll make sure to collect
all and not UK you ask of it will actually limit me specifically to those countries.
Then what I can do is detail targeting.
And Facebook is kind of crazy when it comes to how much they can target you so they track your actions
on Facebook outside of Facebook and they can link your Facebook page to your Instagram page.
So if you have an Instagram page in Facebook most people do they'll know.
And therefore they can associate information or that will just kind of blow your mind.
Like for instance Facebook can tell if you are planning to move your home soon.
Right.
So I could actually select that as a detailed targeting behavior.
And they can tell that because they look at all the other websites you've been to outside of Facebook
by storing cookies on your site and by having other websites put pixels and they can see if you've been
looking for movers or searching for that or.
Yeah.
Anyway it's kind of creepy.
But anyway what we can do is you can add things like demographics interests and behaviors so specifically
for innovation nation we might want to go for like technology lovers so I can say technology.
OK.
So then right there we have technology information technology Educational Technology wearables military
attack.
You notice this is very similar to the list that we saw in India.
And we're boosting scream probably because they're pulling it from the same place.
Let's say we are going to look for wearable technology.
Let's say we are in on it and that was really really specifically just about that.
And if I was just wearables then wow there we go.
Sixty seven thousand.
That's how much smaller audience just became.
Other things they can do.
Could be like adding in demographics.
So for instance if it's suggested it will give me some things that things might be related.
So like a demographic could be people who openly identify as liberal or engage with political content
that is considered liberal.
So if I for some reason only wanted liberal American Canadians who are interested in wearable technology
it could do that other things like behaviors like so this has engaged shoppers and it'll give you a
description as to what that means.
People who have clicked on a call to action button shop now in the past week.
So that might be something if you're looking for people who have demonstrated an interest in buying
things already.
So that might be something you could try down here you can add a connection type if you want.
Basically what this means is you are going to try to target people specifically who like your Facebook
page and that's just not really what we're care about since we're trying to do placements on screens
specifically.